hey-yah welcome to the style chronicles
i am on my way out the door my husband
and i are going to a Christmas party so
I thought I would share with you guys
what I am wearing this is a good
Christmas party outfit but it's also a
good New Year's outfit if you're looking
for that New Year's some you know idea
anyhow don't I care that I'll come and
tell you guys what I have on my face so
all righty so I've got on the forever 21
blazer that I just bought a couple weeks
ago and I've got on an express sequin
skirt and then my shirt it's a black
silk button-down it's from bebe and it's
probably at two years old
the Express skirt I just got it also
comes in a gunmetal color and then the
Blazer I just bought also so that I've
got on my toast onyx ring hits the bear
sideways the black onyx and then just a
pair of black tights sorry black tights
they're from Express and my Jessica
Simpson heels that I showed you guys
yesterday so that's all I'm wearing
really quick outfit and then on my face
I've got my makeup forever duo matte
velvet no duo matte powder foundation
all over I've got max pink swoon and
dolly mix mixed on my cheeks max pink
Nouveau lipstick looks like that and
then on my eyes I did Chanel's
taupe Greece eyeshadow and then on top I
put Chanel's fantaz me for the sparkle
because it's just so pretty
then I did a winged liner and I put some
fake lashes on which I don't think you
guys don't see the lashes but I put some
lashes on there I just kind of you know
to add more impact to my eyes and then
oh my nails I'm wearing juleps Navy it's
called Michelle yes
it's Navy Michelle and it is a pretty
it's a pretty baby color excuse my voice
still going in and out because I'm still
sick but I thought I would share that
with you guys really quickly I hope you
guys have a wonderful Friday night and I
will talk to later bye bye thanks for
watching